3.0 ;  Planetwise Flannel Wipes ;  These flannel wipes are OK, but in my opinion not worth keeping.  I also ordered someImse Vimse Cloth Wipes-Ocean Blue-12 countwhich are larger, had a nicer, softer texture and just seemed higher quality.  I use cloth wipes for hands and faces and have been usingThirsties 6 Pack Fab Wipes, Boyfor about 8 months now and need to replace them because they are starting to get rough and have had stink issues for a while that stripping no longer handles.
5.0 ;  Planetwise Wipe Pouch ;  it came early and was not disappointed. i love planet wise bags and now my wipe holder. it keps my osocozy wipes moist and does not leak. highly recommend it.
5.0 ;  Annas Dream Full Quilt with 2 Shams ;  Very soft and comfortable and warmer than it looks...fit the full size bed perfectly...would recommend to anyone looking for this type of quilt
5.0 ;  Stop Pacifier Sucking without tears with Thumbuddy To Love's Binky Fairy Puppet and Adorable Book ;  This is a product well worth the purchase.  I have not found anything else like this, and it is a positive, ingenious approach to losing the binky.  What I love most about this product is how much ownership my daughter has in getting rid of the binky.  She is so proud of herself, and loves her little fairy.  I love the artwork, the chart in the back, and the clever approach of this tool.
5.0 ;  Stop Pacifier Sucking without tears with Thumbuddy To Love's Binky Fairy Puppet and Adorable Book ;  All of my kids have cried non-stop when I tried to ween them off their pacifier, until I found Thumbuddy To Love's Binky Fairy Puppet.  It is an easy way to work with your kids to allow them to understand where their pacifier is going and help them part from it.This is a must buy book, and a great gift for expecting parents!!  You will save them soo many headaches.Thanks for this book!  You all rock!!
5.0 ;  Stop Pacifier Sucking without tears with Thumbuddy To Love's Binky Fairy Puppet and Adorable Book ;  When the Binky Fairy came to our house, we didn't have any special gift and book to help explain to her about how important it is to stop using a pacifier. This book does a great job to help prepare your child for the loss of their favorite item. The doll is adorable and we made lots of cute movies with the Binky Fairy telling our daughter about what happens when the Binky Fairy comes. I would highly recommend this product for any parent trying to break the pacifier or thumb sucking habit.
4.0 ;  A Tale of Baby's Days with Peter Rabbit ;  Lovely book, it's bound tightly so you may not be able to add alot of photos/cards aside from the designated spaces in the book. Shop around before you purchase, as it is currently listed at Barnes & Noble for 29.95!
5.0 ;  Baby Tracker&reg - Daily Childcare Journal, Schedule Log ;  Perfect for new parents. We were able to keep track of baby's feeding, sleep and diaper change schedule for the first two and a half months of her life. Made life easier when the doctor would ask questions about habits because we had it all right there!
5.0 ;  Baby Tracker&reg - Daily Childcare Journal, Schedule Log ;  A friend of mine pinned this product on Pinterest so I decided to give it a whirl! It is fantastic! If you are a new parent, this will help you keep track of feedings, diaper changes and the like!
4.0 ;  Baby Tracker&reg - Daily Childcare Journal, Schedule Log ;  This has been an easy way for my nanny to record all the key events that happen with my baby when I'm not at home.  Would highly recommend it to someone who wants to stay informed of what your baby is up to while you're not home.The only reason this isn't a 5 is because I think there could have been some more standarad pre-printed options.I plan on ordering another one when we run out of pages in this journal.
4.0 ;  Baby Tracker&reg - Daily Childcare Journal, Schedule Log ;  I love this journal and our nanny uses it everyday to track on our daughter's sleep, eating and other activities. The layout and design make it very easy to fill in quickly with a comments column to add in details (i.e. we ask the nanny to specify what food she had for lunch, amount of milk she took, specifics of play time--tummy time, walk to park, etc.) I love knowing the details of my baby's day, and I also use it to track weekly on overall schedule patterns and changes (i.e. baby's nap time has moved naturally as she gets older).My only complaint is that there is no real space to communicate back to the nanny, as I sometimes want to reply to the nanny's comments and/or leave her notes about the previous night (i.e. Baby didn't sleep well or baby has rash, etc) or other instructions (Please use sun screen on the baby - it's hot out today) that I often forget to tell her in the rush of the morning. I just stick in post-its now for my notes. All in all, I highly recommend this baby tracker.
5.0 ;  Baby Tracker&reg - Daily Childcare Journal, Schedule Log ;  This book is perfect!  I'm a first time new mom, and this book made it so easy to keep track of feedings, diaper changes, sleep.  Definitely would recommend this for new moms.  Plus it's small enough that I throw in the diaper back for doctor visits.
3.0 ;  Baby Tracker&reg - Daily Childcare Journal, Schedule Log ;  I thought keeping a simple handwritten journal would be nice.  But I haven't used this thing at all, and here's why:1.) When you're breastfeeding, it's often nice to have your phone close by so that you can keep yourself entertained.  If you are able to grab *both* your phone and this notebook - and a pen - consistently - and at 3 in the morning - you are more skilled than me.  (I don't nurse in the same place every time.)2.) You're also often so sleep deprived that - at least for me - I'd forget to look at what time we started on a side, or what side we started on.  I'm not perfect with the app I have either, but at least I just have to mindlessly hit a button.3.) I really like the app I have (Baby Connect).  It gives me better data.  For example, it can tell me how long on average feedings have been taking (helpful as we start to think about sleep training).  It can tell me that I nursed him 177 times last month (granted that serves no useful purpose other than a feeling of perverse satisfaction).
5.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies First Year Sticker Calendar ;  Space for monthly photos, info and a lot of useful stickers come with it. It is exactly what I wanted!!
5.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies First Year Sticker Calendar ;  I love this little calender, you can keep track of all of baby's firsts. I like the illustrations, and the stickers too.
5.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  This was the only calender I could find for the second year. I did one for the first and wanted to continue cause there are so many things to note still after they turn 1. This one was better than the first year one I got him.
4.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  I completed a calendar for my son's first year and really enjoyed tracking all of his milestones and special moments - so much so that I wanted to continue in the second year since he's still doing amazing and fun things every day.  I really like the simple layout of the calendar and while it might not have all the questions and milestone stickers you want - at least it's something to keep recording all those special moments!
5.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  We wanted to get something to keep track of our child's milestones and this is a cute option. There aren't many other choices out there and this does exactly what we wanted.
5.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  I had a hard time finding a second year calendar, this is the only one I came across and it is great!  Large enough to write in the squares and has a spot to put that month's picture in as well as some memories. The first two years they change so much I like to jot everything down so I can keep track of all the big milestones...and little ones!  I find it is easier to do this on a calendar vs a baby book.  This way you can fill out the baby book later and have a great reference to do so!
2.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  I only purchased a second-year calendar for my son because I had one for my daughter. I was really disappointed with the lack of selection available for second-year calendars in general, so I just got this one because it was one of the only ones. It's an okay calendar. The finish on the pages is glossy which makes it hard to write on with certain pens. The stickers aren't very cute and the pages are pretty old-fashioned looking. Hopefully they will come out with some other calendars for future purchasers.
5.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  I LOVE this calendar for recording events of my son's second year of life.  There are plenty of 1st year baby calendars out there and I loved reocording events of his first year and didn't want to just stop now that he is one.  Nature's lullabies second year calendar is perfect for continuing on with daily record keeping.  The stickers are wonderful and helped me think of milestones to record that I might not have thought of on my own.  I highly recommend this calendar!  Plus it's super cute and brat for either gender.
3.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  Calendar is exactly as described, but I find the look of it to be very cheap.  There are lots of nice stickers to use.  I was just disappointed it looks so cheap.
5.0 ;  Nature's Lullabies Second Year Sticker Calendar ;  Wife loves this calender. Comes with a lot of stickers and options to mark the firsts. Includes spaces for milestone photos as well. Sticker borders for photos, etc, it is just a very easy to use scrap booking option. Especially for new moms who dont have enough time to actually sit down, and haul out a ton of scrapbook supplies
5.0 ;  Baby's First Journal - Green ;  Extremely useful! As a new mom, tired and inexpedient, not remembering how long ago baby ate, this definitely helped me through the first two months.
3.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  My son loves peek a boo at this age of 9 months so I thought this book would be perfect! This book doesn't engage him enough though it seems.  He does however like the cover the most if I make pretend blow-kisses and peekaboo gestures with the hands and show him. He also likes when I fan the hair towards his face.Maybe when he's older he will flip the flaps but right now he just likes the mirror at the end and the front cover. If I flip the book through he just takes the book and shakes it around.
4.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  One of baby's first and favorite books, and it is washable! I gave 1 less star than perfect because I'd like to see some diversity in the people - not just your typical white family )
5.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  I like how the book has a hook to attach it to your stroller or car seat - it wont get lost.  Great way to go over family members.
5.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  This book is so worth the money. It says 9+ months on the box but I can't wait for my baby to be born to try to use it before. It's so cute and very interactive! There are flaps to open on every page.
5.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  we just got this book for our one-year-old and she loves it.  It's so nice that she can't bite chunks out of it like she can a board book or rip it like a paper one.  She can chew on it, pull on it, and carry it all over the house!  She loves the little flaps that open and is learning simple words like "daddy," "mommy," "puppy," etc.  We love it.
3.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  The book is cute, and we are huge fans of Lamaze products, however, this one leaves out some family members (no little brother) and can possibly cause hurt feelings. That said, our baby loves to play with the hands, hair and flaps!
5.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  What a great book for babies!  I'd been looking for books which couldn't be damaged by my 10-month old's drool...so cloth or plastic books were my options.  This book adds another level to your usual cloth book--a fun flap or moving part on every page.  This interactive book is perfect for my baby!
5.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  My son loved this book as an infant.  It was perfect because he would chew on his board books and destroy them, but this one we didn't have that issue.  I love the Lamaze series, they are a lot of fun not only for the child but for the parent.I liked that this book was not only teaching my son about Peek a Boo, but we used it to learn names for family members like grandparents, sister, cat, dog etc.  And of course with it being a lift the flap book, that was additional fun for my son as well.  He's nearly two now and he doesn't look at it as much, but he still does enjoy reading it and playing with it now and again.  I'd say out of all the Lamaze books, this one and Discovery Farm are his favorites.
5.0 ;  Lamaze Peekaboo, I Love You ;  Our baby loves this book & has loved it for a while now ... He enjoys when I read it to him, and enjoys playing with it on his own.
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Twinkle Twinkle Elmo A Bedtime Book ;  
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Twinkle Twinkle Elmo A Bedtime Book ;  This was a birthday present for my 2 year old grandchildren.  They love this book and will sit and go through it page by page themselves .  The pictures are imaginative and appeal to young children.  Would buy it again!
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Peek-A-Boo Where's Elmo A Children's Book ;  My baby absolutely loves Elmo and so this book seemed perfect for her.  I'm happy to say I was right:  this book is nice and soft and beautifully illustrated so my little one takes it everywhere and "reads" it all of the time. While Elmo is the main character of because he hides on each page, other Sesame Street characters are also featured which is fun, too. Another great, interactive, Elmo centric book that I would recommend for the Sesame Street/Elmo lovers is "Twinkle, Twinkle Elmo" (which is also available on Amazon for a great price).
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Peek-A-Boo Where's Elmo A Children's Book ;  I bought two for recent baby showers!  The book is soft and interactive, great for any baby, and the bright colors are beautiful.  Lastly, who doesn't love Elmo!
4.0 ;  SoftPlay Peek-A-Boo Where's Elmo A Children's Book ;  We wanted to get another book like the Big Birds Friends softplay book, and we only found the two Elmo books. This one is fun, but the Big Bird book has more variety and is more creative.
4.0 ;  SoftPlay Peek-A-Boo Where's Elmo A Children's Book ;  This is a cute little peek-a-boo story book.  It's soft.  It's safe.  And it is easy for baby to handle.
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Peek-A-Boo Where's Elmo A Children's Book ;  My 3 month old son loves this book. We read it over and over and he smiles and laughs every time we find Elmo and say &#34peekaboo Elmo!&#34  We have a few different soft books and this is the most colorful and fun to read. And baby adores it, so 5 stars for sure.
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Peek-A-Boo Where's Elmo A Children's Book ;  Very cute interactive book! My son loves this book! The bright colorful illustrations make this great for babies & toddlers.
5.0 ;  SoftPlay 4 Pack Block Book, Sweet Sesame ;  Bought for granddauchildren and they play with them all the time.  Love reading to them.  Soft, so if they fall on them, they are safe. When they use the Elmo book, the kiss Elmo.  Got when they were 9 mos, now they are two and we are still having fun with them.  They love to see how high they can stack the blocks before it falls over.  I buy as a baby present.
4.0 ;  SoftPlay 4 Pack Block Book, Sweet Sesame ;  I have teething babies and these were great for entertaining the, and letting them chew and droll all over the, without worrying about ruining them. They were great for setting them off to their side to encourage rolling over and crawling. Great Christmas gift for the younger baby and didn't break the bank.
1.0 ;  SoftPlay Cloth Book, Love ;  This book is boring. Nothing to stimulate my granddaughter. It is a waste of money. I would not recommend it
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Baby's First Cloth Books Gift Set ;  It is so hard to find cloth books with ACTUAL images on them! So many have unrealistic portrayals of what animals/objects look like, but this one is fantastic. EXACTLY what we were looking for!!When we teach our 1 year old what a "lion" is, we want to show him a REAL lion... not a drawing that looks nothing like a real lion.
5.0 ;  SoftPlay Cloth Book, Hugs ;  for the young child, very cute...so happy they can &#34 read&#34 something there is little or no chance of them destroying..many happy reading memories
3.0 ;  SoftPlay Baby Animals of the World Soft Cloth Book ;  not bad but not as interesting to my 1-year old as I thought. Mot interactive [texture, etc] but cute anyway
5.0 ;  Baby's First Year Undated Wall Calendar with Stickers to Mark &quotFirsts&quot - Pink ;  A friend bought me this calendar when our daughter was born.  Love it!  It's so fun and will be a great momento.
5.0 ;  Baby's First Year Undated Wall Calendar with Stickers to Mark &quotFirsts&quot - Pink ;  Quick and Easy to keep up with all the first milestones of a little one, especially for a busy, first-time Mom.
5.0 ;  Baby's First Year Undated Wall Calendar with Stickers to Mark &quotFirsts&quot - Pink ;  This is a very good gift for a new mother.  You would want to give it to the parents as soon as baby is born so that they can start from the very beginning to chart the &#34firsts&#34.  I had one of these calendars for each of my five children.  They enjoy looking up their &#34firsts&#34 especially as they are now parents themselves.
5.0 ;  Our Baby Girl Memory Book ;  
5.0 ;  Our Baby Girl Memory Book ;  Absolutely love it and all of the Scripture in it.  I purchased the Baby Boy version for my grandson when he was born and my daughter-in-law was thrilled to receive the same book again.
4.0 ;  Our Baby Girl Memory Book ;  Bought as a gift for my daughter in law. She loved it. Simple but a place to put important memories down. I loved the verses at bottom of pages.
5.0 ;  Our Baby Girl Memory Book ;  OMG.....we loved this baby book! Perfect for the memories you want to remember when your little one gets bigger and starts asking questions. It even had a place for foot and hand prints for when your baby is born which is the main reason why we liked this one. Also it has pockets for keepsakes and little places to put first locks of hair....etc! So cute and is a great baby shower gift!
5.0 ;  Our Baby Girl Memory Book ;  Beautiful book, I love it to record cherished times in my great granddaughters life with the beautiful pastel pink color.
5.0 ;  Our Baby Girl Memory Book ;  Really happy with this purchase. I was looking for an english baby book (I'm French and the daddy is Flammish) and this is the perfect one. Lot of info to fill in : family, firsts...and mini pockets to preserve hair, maternity bracelet...Really happy!
5.0 ;  My Kindergarten Year - A Keepsake Book ;  I was pleasantly surprised upon receiving the memory book entitled,  "My Kindergarten Year". It is the perfect way to record one's Kindergarten experience through photographs and detailed descriptions of this very important time in your child's life. The questions are fun for your child to answer and record while serving its purpose for the parent.I'd recommend this book to everyone with a Kindergartener.
5.0 ;  My Kindergarten Year - A Keepsake Book ;  I'm so glad I stumbled upon these gem. My son has already started answering questions and I think it will be a great memory to look back years later to see how he answered the questions.
4.0 ;  Jellycat Elephant and Mouse Book ;  The book is just a few pages long with a few words to each page.  Just short enough to keep the attention of my 6 month old son.  We have the Elephant as well so when he's older it will be neat to see the realization of the association between the stuffed toy and the book character
5.0 ;  God Created Everything Nite Lite ;  This is well made a very pretty,.  It gives a nice light and will be used for years...I recommend it highly.  It also makes a great gift.
5.0 ;  Hunnt&reg Falling Flowers and Birds Kids Nursery Home Decor Vinyl Mural Art Wall Paper Stickers ;  Try this out for a spring project !Easy ,fun and affordable wall decals ...Fine quality and brightens up any room.. 5+ **********
1.0 ;  Hunnt&reg Falling Flowers and Birds Kids Nursery Home Decor Vinyl Mural Art Wall Paper Stickers ;  The reason:Small sizeHard to apply on the wall because most part of flower only in one pieceYou will know how waste money it is when second day morning you see all the flowers fell on the floor in a roll.
2.0 ;  Wall Decor Removable Decal Sticker - Colorful Butterflies ;  Would not purchase again or recommend. The decals were thick almost plastic like and were coming off the wall as I was applying them! The would NOT stick! Literally stayed stuck for about 5 minutes then started peeling off.
5.0 ;  Modern House Tower of Pisa Italy removable Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Wall Decal ;  Very satisfied about the product, grat design, it came as ir said on page.  I highly reccomend the product, and I follow buying more.
5.0 ;  Reusable Flannel (15) Baby Wipes 100% Cotton Bleached and Unbleached (Flushable Diaper Liners) ;  I love these wipes.  They are so simple and soft and they are a great price for reusable wipes.  They actually get my baby clean and dry during diaper changes.  And I know that I'll find a million other uses for them after our diaper days are done.  I'm ordering more of them right now!
4.0 ;  Beautiful Girl and Black Flower Removable Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  It is nice and looks great on my wall. It was just a bit smaller than what I thought, but that was my fault and not taking the measurements.
4.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  We bought the pins as my 6 year old Autistic son was able to open or break open normal safety pins we needed to use for his night time clothes.  These new pins are significantly more sturdy and he hasn't learned how to open them and only once has he broken one open.  I seem to recall that their shipping price was more than a bit on the high side of reasonable though given the size of the package...
2.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  These were  good quality--worked fine--heavy duty--able to be used in any way needed and filled my need as no others
5.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  A great safety pin that has lots of uses.  Easy to find with bright colors and a great bargain for a dozen.
2.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  While the diaper pins are attractive, the metal in the pins I received are flimsy and did not hold up to the thick fabric I used them on. Fortunately there was no baby involved, so no little on was stuck.
5.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  It has been many years since we needed diaper pins, but I do like to pin my socks together through the wash and have never lost one yet. I was using brass dressmaker pins but they tended to open up during the wash cycle. My wife suggested diaper pins and we tried them. Thery're working perfectly and staying together through the washing. Matter of fact they can get a little tricky to open, but of course that was the idea. Recommended to keep your socks &#34friended up&#34.
5.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  As another reviewer noted, these are great for matching socks before washing.  Now once the socks come out of the washer, I hang them to dry with the pins still on.  The socks stay on the line to dry without clothespins, they just hang with one sock on each side of the line.  After they are dried, I just open the pin and leave it by the hamper on a shelf.  As I put dirty socks into the hamper, I grab a pin and use it.  Has saved a lot of time and I don't have the problem of lost socks or mismatched socks on my feet.  Great idea and am glad I read about this here on the reviews.  Wish I had done this my whole life.
1.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  The steel part is not strong at all, unlike the old diaper pins, which I still have.  Very hard to work it through a thicker fabric.  Would not recommend.
2.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  I really thought I was getting a dozen pins..turns out I should have counted the pins in the picture..as there are only 10. I am sad..and I think that they are overpriced. I only use them to mark yarn when I crochet so I will be going back to regular safety pins.
4.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  Like = sharp ends that pierce through my diapers easier.  Dislike = the sides bend which is a pain.  That said, I am pushing them through older velcro tabs because the velcro on my diapers doesn't work anymore.
3.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  These are the right color, so I am happy, but the steel on the needle bends easily, and is not as strong as I expected. I am pinning material for a dog bed with these, not diapers.
4.0 ;  Cloth Diaper Pins Stainless Steel Traditional Safety Pin (Black) ;  Diaper pins are hard to find locally!  This is a useful item to have - no matter the purpose...
3.0 ;  Wall-stickers Wall Decor Removable Decal Sticker - Giant Cherry Blossom Tree in Wind ;  I am pleased with the design I just wish the actual picture was bigger an putting it together doesn't make sense the numbers aligned with the branches don't make any sense compared to the picture they give you as an instruction -- you have to sort of free hand. I had to start it half way up my wall so it made a difference an could actually be seen -- as far as it hold up I put it up about 2 weeks ago an it had not peeled off at all.
1.0 ;  New Style Trailing Cherry Blossom Tree Decal Removable Vinyl Kids Wall Decal Wall Sticker Peel and Stick ;  Was so excited to get this product for my baby girls bedroom!  When I got it the back is NOT STICKY at all!  Every time I walked into the bedroom I was picking up pieces off of the floor!  Very very frustrating!  Ended up having to super glue it to the wall...very disappointing.  I wouldn't waste the time or money on it.
5.0 ;  Blessed By Pope Francis Franciscan Knotted Our Lady of Grace Italian Made Aurora Borealis Crystal Rosary ;  I ordered this Rosary for a friend because it looked lovely in the photo and it is blessed by Pope Francis.  I was not disappointed as it is just beautiful, made with crystal, and knotted in between the Our Fathers.  I am giving this to my friend along with a copy of the novena of Our Lady Untier (or Undoer) of Knots, for whom Pope Francis has a strong devotion.  I definitely recommend this Rosary and would buy it again in a heart beat.
5.0 ;  Blessed By Pope Francis Infant Jesus of Prague Nino De Praga Medal Charm Pendant ;  An excellent value and quality for the price.  Just right for wearing around the neck orattaching to a Brown Scapular or some such. And the Blessing makes the Item all the more Precious.
3.0 ;  Musical Christmas Nativity Scene Angel with Baby Jesus in a Rustic Barkwood Resin Manger 8&quot Tall ;  I was so excited to get this nativity.  I have been watching it for months and I finally had an excuse to spend $25.00.  It is beautiful and I am very happy with the look of the item.  I am not so happy about the music box.  The song is WAY too fast and it had to play it through once to even recognize the song.  I don't know if there is a way to slow down a music box if there is I wish someone would tell me.  I still love the nativity but I am not as excited as I would be if the music had been right.Buyer beware... beautiful nativity not so great music
4.0 ;  Semanario (7) Little Girls 14k Gold Overlay Bangle Bracelets for Your Little Princess Sizes 1 - 4 (Size 2 - ages 9-24 Months) ;  . I am pleased with product. I love the bangles however they are a bit small. Had to slid them on with lotion. I like a snug fitting bangle but whew these were tough to get on!! If my hand was a hair bigger they wouldn't have fit. They are on to stay. I have small hands also. I got the size for large kid small adult and they fit wrist but tough over the hand. Overall satisfied with product and fast shipping!
4.0 ;  IKEA KLADD PRICKAR Bib, blue, red ;  I like those bibs. they are very useful. easy to wash and dry. the price is awesome. My friends also like them very much.
5.0 ;  IKEA KLADD PRICKAR Bib, blue, red ;  This bibs provided very good protections for messy eaters, my grandson is a 20 months old beautiful boy who loves to eat his marinara pasta with his fingers. My daughter loved this bibs, pasta elbows or curls fall in the front pocket when missing the mouth. Easy to wash too.
5.0 ;  Holy Family Baby Jesus and Star Nativity Christmas Tree Ornament ;  This is such a cute ornament, I collect nativity ornaments and this is perfect for my collection! Can't wait to add it to my nativity tree!
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  We used this to help us keep track of pees and poops during that first month. It is really helpful if you breastfeed to keep track of feeding patterns and wet diapers to make sure baby is eating enough. Great book!
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  This book is going to be a life saver! We are adopting and when we travel complete the adoption, I needed a book to keep track of baby's schedule. I have a terrible memory and this book will be perfect for keeping track of baby's schedule. I also love how there is a spot at the beginning for emergency numbers and important info. Perfect for traveling, the babysitter or just for at home use. I will definitely be buying more after I fill this up.
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  Love it love it love it!!  Got my first baby tracker as a gift, bought another one as soon as it was used up.  Great for daycare, too, so you can communicate with your provider about baby's activities for the day.  Also great for round the clock care- no need to "remember" when baby ate last or how much sleep you really got!!  Get it for your new moms- to- be!!
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  Of course this has been a great/easy way for me to record all of my baby's routines and a simple way for his caregiver to let me know how the day went.  What I really love about it, though, is that it was so easy for me to jot down all of his major milestones as they happened.  I knew that I wouldn't have time to work on his baby book in the beginning (and sure enough I didn't even get it out until after 2 months), and because I had this book I was able to finally transfer everything over.  Life saver!!  All of the funny little things would probably have been forgotten!
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  I am 4 weeks from delivery of my first baby and was looking for a newborn tracker. From the reviews I read this one looked like it had everything that one needs to write down and remember, so I bought it. I have not used it but I am very happy with what I saw. Hope it ends up being as useful at it looks.
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  We found this book at a rummage sale and found it to be so useful, especially when several people are helping with the baby (ex: visiting family, etc.)  We loved it so much that I've bought another one and have almost filled that one too.  I like having the room to write things about our baby's day and development, plus use the "Notes" section to write some story, etc.  It also helps "Dad" see what has happened that day and feels more connected.  I will be buying another one soon!
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  I got this baby tracker as part of the 'new parents' package from my work. It is extremely well organized ... much better then others I've seen. It is an iParenting Media Winner and for a good reason. Absolutely worth the $$. I am getting this for all my expecting friends! 5 starts!
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  I'm a new mom and I was looking for something to record my baby's daily activities and patterns and it is perfect! It has a lot of space to write down anything extra beyond the diaper changes, feedings and sleeping. I like that it has an area to write down medications. It is a great reminder for dr appointments and to track your baby's patterns. I am extremely happy with this book and will be ordering another one for when I run out of pages in 3 months.
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  Love this book ....super easy to keep track and sooooooooo helpful for this first time mom ..especially for pediatrician appts
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  I've been using it since I have my newborn and it's a great way to keeping track of baby&#34s schedule
4.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  I used a tracker with my first son - but I didn't so much need to with my second.  This tracker though, is laid out very well and keeps things pretty organized.  My only complaint is that it is not a full year tracker - I did the whole first year with my first son which is nice to refer back to.  I would recommend this book, but if you're interested in tracking the whole first year you will need to buy 3 (they run 4 months long).
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  This is the best way to keep track of when your baby eats, sleeps, poops, gets a bath, etc. It's also a great way to keep track of which side baby nursed on. I took this to all infant doc appt. And it's a great gift!
5.0 ;  Newborn Baby Tracker&reg - Round the Clock Childcare Journal, Log Book ;  I rarely write a review however, this journal has been a lifesaver.  Sleep deprivation can compromise anyones ability to recall feeding and napping times, which breast was last used, soiled diapers, etc.. I even sleep with my journal to keep it close by so I can document around the clock.  The layout of this journal is very simple and easy to use at a quick glance.  I understand there are phone apps that do the same thing however, I chose this journal to allow my husband and nanny to have access to the information.  A must have and will make a great gift.
5.0 ;  Large Jungle Animals (Panda, Lion, Elephant, Gorilla) - 3D Wall Murals for Baby Nursery and Kids Rooms - Made in USA ;  I ordered these for my 7 month old sons play area.  They are very cool.  I love the fact that they can be removed from the wall and moved to a room or house if needed.  I would get these instead of wall decals because they are 1. easier to put up and 2. can be moved without ruining them.  It makes his play area look really cool!
5.0 ;  Edu-Petit Happy Jungle Day Finger Puppet Book Developmental Toy ;  My 2 year old grandson got it for Christmas and he loves when his Mommy reads it to him.  Good quality and very well made.  Other positive reviews directed me to buy it.
4.0 ;  Edu-Petit Teddy Bobo's Big Learning Book Developmental Toy ;  I bought this for my 17 month old son as a form of quiet, in-crib entertainment when he wakes up at 5am. So far, he likes it a lot... even got an "ooooooh" when I first handed it to him.
3.0 ;  Modern House Thomas Train and Friends removable Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  i hung these over my sond headboard in his thomas themed room, they havent fallen off the wall, applied a week ago so maybe they will be okay but they seemed kinda cheaply made. they do look good and as i said they havent fallen down, if they do i will be sure to revise my review to avoid anyone else making my mistake.
5.0 ;  Modern House White Plum Blossom with Green Birds Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  a little difficult if you dont know how you want it to be placed on your wall, so be creative, it comes off easily so you can play around with it.. the result looks beautiful. very peaceful.
5.0 ;  Modern House Giraffe Children Height Measurement Growth Chart Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  It is now haning in my granddaughters bedroom. I did think it was larger though, but still happy with my choice.
4.0 ;  Modern House Trailing Cherry Blossom Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  well its not as big as it looks in the picture but it is awfully cute looking. actually is only about one foot tall.
2.0 ;  Modern House Trailing Cherry Blossom Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  I haven't put these up yet but I was disappointed in the color of the flowers. They look more purple than pink.
5.0 ;  Modern House Safari Animal Family removable Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  the instructions were really clear, howerver the next day the decals started coming off because my wall has ridges on it soooo. I added a little dab of crazy glue and walah! it's up.
5.0 ;  Modern House Angry Bird I removable Vinyl Mural Art Wall Sticker Decal ;  Grandchildren opened these before they got home and stuck them to everything in my house, even themselves. Hope they will still stick on wall when they get home.
5.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  My daughter started playing with her Music Blocks set when she was just a few months old.  She spent hours entertaining herself.  She is now 18 months old and still loves this toy.  Now she understands how to arrange the blocks and has great fun making new musical patterns.  I highly recommend the Jumpin' Jive Jazz cartridge -- it's her favorite -- and the Bach cartridge when you want calmer music.
5.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  It takes a youthful spirit of inquiry and fascination to play with blocks and pre-programmed music. Anyone too old to play with blocks (or to young to play with them again) may back off. But they're missing a revolution in interactive toys. Each colored block represents part of a musical score, and each side on the block represents one way of delivering that piece, such as horn, violin, or voice. Turning and swapping blocks thus generates changes in the music played, with incredible variety. You (and, oh yes, the child too) will run out of steam long before you run out of interest. And the use of additional block sets expands the use and interest even more. Bravo!!
3.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  This was one of my favorite toys-but beware if you buy this I went through 3 of these- and the company no longer exists-so if there is a problem with it-you are out of luck
4.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  Our whole family loved the Mozart music blocks. I even bought another &quotdisk&quot of music. Unfortunately, it was a constant challenge to keep the kids from destroying the delicate &quotchip&quot that was easily accessible. Finally it broke and I felt it was too expensive to replace. I feel that a toy at this price should be more durable. My suggestion would be to hide the &quotplug in chip&quot so that the kids aren't attracted to it. We have a 3-year old and a one-year old. The toy lasted about 6 months.
4.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  This is an interesting and educational toy.  I got it for my 2 year old, and while she loved mixing up the blocks, she also loved pulling out the cartridge and couldn't put it back in.  That means I had to go put the cartridge back every 5 minutes.  If the cartridge were placed on the side or back, I don't think the littler ones would be so inclined to pull it...out of sight out of mind.
1.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  Great idea, but the toy IS NOT durable.  After returning one toy for not working, another one has broken.  What a disappointment!!  And the customer service is non-existant and when it is, they are rude!!!! Someone let me know when the class-action lawsuit will occur.
4.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  I bought this 18 months ago for my 6 year old and 2 year old.  They both loved it.  I bought additional cartridges then it stopped working.  We replaced the batteries twice and it still does not work.  It was expensive for a toy that did not last very long.
5.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  I spent [a lot of money] when this thing first came out, and it worked TERRIBLY!  I sent it back to the company because it was defective and wouln't shut up.  They sent me another one.  It worked very inconsistently.  When I called the manufacturer I was told "Well, it's a very sensitve computer, you can't just let them toss it around, that must be why you're having trouble"  Actually, I was having my 2 year sit in his high chair while I supervised him, and he was not doing anything to it.  I mean, it says it's for 2 year olds on the box....  Anyway, I returned it and got my money.  SAve your money for real music lessons.
5.0 ;  Neurosmith - Music Blocks with Mozart Music Cartridge ;  Recently I have purchased the musical mozart blocks set for my two and a half year old daughter at a toys r us department store near me as a Christmas gift for her this year and they had one of the toys out on display. She loved the toy and it is very educational. I had a hard time leaving the store because she wanted to continue to play with it although she is young enough that even though she was with me while I purchased her toys for Christmas this year that she had completely forgotten about it and that I haought this toy for her. My only complaint is that I had to pay [$$$] for this toy and they had told me that the sale on the toy had ended yesterday but this toy I knew was still available online here for [$$$] which is a really good price and I do not think it is right for them to sell it for the other price when it can be bought cheaper. Anyways I liked the toy alot and my daughter did too and that is why I purchased the toy even at the price I  had to pay for it. I think it will get a lot of use out of it and so will my 8 month old daughter when she is old enough as well.
5.0 ;  Milestones, Kids' Step Stone Kit ;  Product was very easy to use.  I helped my son (16 months at the time) make a stepping stone for Father's Day.  He put the stones in himself and it turned out really cute.
5.0 ;  Sesame Street Baby Purse Playset ;  My girls love this Sesame Street purse! There are 5 items that can be placed inside of the purse. They use it when they pretend to go shopping around the house. It was a little tricky for my 18 month old to figure out how to open it but she eventually learned. The bright colors, durable design and sweet Sesame Street character faces make it such a fun purchase!
3.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  I bought this for my son when he was 4 months old.  He loves all the little animals, but even now at 8 months, he doesn't seem interested in putting them in the fish bowl.  However, he will take them out if they are in there.  My son is very active, so maybe that's contributing to why he doesn't really use the bowl...
3.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  I purchased this item for my son and its going to be returned the star fish he cant hold on to the fish the only thing he can hold on to was the crab and he liked that because it crinkled.. This is not Our favorite Lamaze toy and it will be going back to the store..
5.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  I bought this toy to help stimulate my eight-month-old's development. When I got it in the mail, I immediately opened it and gave it to her. She has been playing with it since. Her favorite is the crinkle crab because she can make him make noise. She is fascinated by the others. She very quickly learned how to take them out and put them back into the bowl. She has had no difficulty in doing that. Great item, worth the money!! And it is so fun to watch!!
5.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  This is a very good toy that helps manual dexterity and the ability to recognize figures behind the clear plastic. My baby girl especially loves the crinkle crab and the clam !
5.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  I saw this toy before I was pregnant and though it was so cute!So after I had my daughter, I had the best excuse to buy it!!!She loves it.  I bought it for her when she was about 3 months old.  She'd chew on the little clam.  Now she uses it to learn that they make noise, and she can put them in and take them out of the bowl.It's worth the money.  Cute, educational, (quiet.. heh), and durable.
4.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  We received this as a present for our 6 month old.  I don't really think she's old enough to put the individual toys in the fishbowl, but she sure loves playing with them!  I've noticed that she likes &quotcrinkly&quot toys, so she loves the crab.  So far, it has kept her very entertained.  I really like Lamaze products so far
2.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  This toy was given to my son by his grandmother.  I saw Lamaze and immediately thought it would be a great toy.  Not the case.My son received this fish bowl when he was about 4 months old.  He is now 9 months.  He chews on the crab for hours, but other than that not much else.  I feel that this is an expensive teething toy.I like the variety of color and the different textures of fabric the toy offers.
3.0 ;  my first fish bowl by lamaze / learning curve ;  I bought this for my son when he was 6mos.  He LOVED it!  What great little teethers each of the sea creatures make.  However, 1.5mos down the road, he totally ignored it.  It was beyond his developmental path.  Cute toy, but I'm not sure it's worth it.
5.0 ;  Pedal Farm Tractor ;  We chose this tractor and trailer for a family gift for our two-year-old son and he loves it!  Visiting friends love it, too.  We looked at several others, but this one seemed to be the safest and most durable.  He cannot pedal the tractor yet, but loves to push it around or be pushed while sitting on it and will soon grow to it (he is tall).  The trailer is a great addition and our son loves to fill it with toys (or his little brother!).  The only negative is that the "hitch" for the trailer does not lock in place and can be turned causing the trailer to come off at bad times, but we would still recommend it.  The assembly was easy and our little farmer has been thrilled!
5.0 ;  Pedal Farm Tractor ;  I bought this for my son when he was 3 years old.  He is now 8 and handed it down to my younger son when he turned 2.  After 5 years of rough and tough riding it is just now starting to break down.  This has been an awesome toy.  We also purchased the trailer and the boys have loved them both.  I think it would have lasted even longer if my 8 year old would have stayed off of it after he had outgrown it.  Anyway the only thing you need to keep in mind is that there is no brake so be careful on hills.
5.0 ;  Pedal Farm Tractor ;  We bought this tractor to accompany the trailer.  Our grandsons are big into farm stuff and love to load up the trailer and pretend they are working "on the farm."  It is best for those old enough to reach the pedals (age 3 and up?).  It is very sturdy and durable.  Great toy for those busy toddlers and preschoolers.  Worth every penny it cost!
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  We bought these for our son when he turned two. He had seen them at a playmate's home and LOVED them. I liked them b/c unlike some of the other cars for sale...there is some learning value and they are VERY durable. They have been thrown, rolled, stepped on, etc and still show no signs of wear. Highly recommend!
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My son loves stacking cups, so a friend recommended this toy to me.  My son loves it and he enjoys pushing them around the floor.  They nest nicely into each other, which makes it a great toy for the diaper bag.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My son Cameron just loves these great little stacking cars!  He enjoys stacking them and slapping them down and each has great little things that they do such as his fire truck has a ladder that clicks up and down, police car has a spinning &quotlight&quot bar, and so on.  I think it's great, brightly colored and has great little faces....I would give this as a gift in the future, not a wasted toy, Oh the little wheels roll, too!
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My one year old son received these as a birthday gift. He loves them. Not only are they stackable, which helps with hand-eye coordination, but each car has individual moveable features. Although these features are small, they got his attention. The bright colors are nice also. They are a great buy for the price!  I highly recommend them as first trucks for a small child.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  I purchased this toy for my great grandson's first Christmas. He will be 6 months old. I can't wait to play with it with him. This is the first baby in our family for 18 years and all the family is waiting for the fun... I will be ordering a lot more soon. Thank you for the convenient shopping. AJ'S Gee-Gee (Great Grandmom)
4.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  I've owned this set for several years.  My 4 granddaughters love to play with the cars.  Stacking, nesting, playing with the few moving parts.  It is one of their favorite toys when they come over.  And it is definitely one of mine - Lots of play value that stores very well.  They have learned colors, and numbers with these also.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  These are a huge hit with my one year old son.  We received these cars as a gift when my son was first born.  He started taking a real interest in them when he was about seven months old and still plays with them every day.  They are simple, durable, do not require batteries, and are easy to clean.  We've traveled a lot with my son and these make terrific travel toys as they pack up easily and don't take up much space since they nest.  The smallest car rattles and is the perfect size for little hands.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My 11 month old received these last Christmas and he instantly began running them along the floor and playing with them. He is now 22 months and I have taught him his colors using these and he STILL loves to play with them.  One got run over by an electric scooter and it didn't even break! All parents should get these for your baby.  This is the one toy that will NOT sit and collect dust!
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My 14 month old son loves to stack and play with these little cars.  They are durable and easy to clean.  I throw them in  the diswasher and they hold up great.  They are well worth the money to me.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  Great toys, we always pack one or two in the diaper bag, our 7 month old loves to play with them and I don't worry at all about him chewing on these toys as there are only smooth surfaces
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  After being inundated with toys that require batteries and make so much noise this was a breath of fresh air. My son loves these vehicles! We got this when he was 6 months old. We stack them on top and he loves to knock it over. We nest them and he loves to find the surprise vehicle underneath. Now that he is 8 months old he is figuring out that the wheels move as well as some of the other moving features on each vehicle. I highly recommend this toy.
4.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  I bought these for my 1 1/2 year old, and he loves them (and so does his 5-year old brother). They both stack the cars, hide them and "vrroomm" them. It is great to find a toy that doesn't need batteries or require an engineering degree to put together!Highly recommended.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My son got this stacking truck set as a baby gift.  He was able to play with the trucks at about 6 months and they are still played with today (my son will be 2 next month). The overall durability of this toy is great they look as good as when we got them even after lots of play and being taken along on many trips. I have not seen this toy in any store - so get it here while you still can!  It has been a much used toy and I highly recommend it for your small child.
4.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  I bought the cars because they were easy to store, plus they were cars.  What I have found is that I can actually use then in many places since there is more than one vehicle.  Mostly they are easy to pack for a trip.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My son loves this stacking toy. It is much more fun than the stackable rings toy even though he does have that one too. All the boys at our baby group have it and the babies who don't always come up to see what it is all about! You can't go wrong with this purchase.
4.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  I got this toy for my daughter when she was very little.  She really hasn't been interested until recently.  Now she loves to put little people inside the cars and look at them through the top.  She lets objects play hide-and-seek under the cars but she really doesn't stack them or nest them very much.  I think they are worth the money because they were fairly cheap but she hasn't really used them for the intended purpose.  I don't think I would buy them again but I certainly wouldn't take them back if they were given to me. I think my daughter will use them in different ways with other toys, in the tub or pool or even outside as she grows.  They are extremely durable.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  For well over a year my son has enjoyed stacking and playing with these cars. They have held up brilliantly to his abuse - they still look like new. Fun to stack, fun to roll. Clever toy that has been a winner with my son since he was one.
4.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  My son got this for Christmas and he loves all the cars.  His favorite is the fire truck.  He plays with it for a while.
5.0 ;  Fisher Price Nesting Action Vehicles ;  This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item.
5.0 ;  Fisher-Price Slumbertime Soother with Remote Control ;  My mother-in-law bought 2 of these for our twin boys-- one for each crib-- and they have been a life saver in getting our boys to settle down at night and go to sleep. Now our boys do not sleep without it! Anytime we are going somewhere overnight, we take at least one with us. It is also the only toy that plays music by itself for more than 30 sec. It will play for about 10 minutes!! It's our standard gift for all of our parent friends.
5.0 ;  Fisher-Price Slumbertime Soother with Remote Control ;  My daughter had this in her crib until she was 2 and loved it.  When she got old enough she loved to turn it on and off by herself.  I used this every night for her to go to sleep by. I used the place that you store the remote control in for extra pacifiers, so if she lost one during the night she would know where to find one.  I never used the remote, but loved the idea another had about putting in the car for rear facing infants when they get fussy you could just turn it on with the remote.  It's not too bright and the volume is adjustable.  Someone had said it eat batteries quickly,but I found that they lasted a very LONG time and I used it EVERY night. I highly recommend this product!!
1.0 ;  Sassy 836 - Fascination Station ;  I bought this toy for an addition to my son's exerciser. However, it would not stick (to anything)!! I tried everything to make it stick. It was very frustrating.
4.0 ;  Sassy 836 - Fascination Station ;  i bought this beautie at k mart for 5 bucks. other that the suction cup not really working out well, my 3 month old loves it. hell, my husband and i also enjoy playing with it. it has a variey of colours and shapes that help stimulate the mind. you cant lose.
3.0 ;  Sassy 836 - Fascination Station ;  I bought this to use on the high chair, but within 2 days my son had the rattle part off the base. Needless to say it never went back on for more than 5 min. BUT he did enjoy it in the car and other places.
3.0 ;  Sassy 836 - Fascination Station ;  My son loved this toy.  He enjoyed playing with it in his highchair until he was 10 months old.  At that point he was strong enough to pull the toy from its' base.  He pulled it so hard, he smashed himself in the face with it.  After that upsetting experience, we didn't put it in the base anymore.  He did still play with it as a rattle, but it did not hold his attention as well.  I would like to see this toy redesigned so that it cannot be separated from its' base.
5.0 ;  Sassy 836 - Fascination Station ;  My son is nearly a year old and received this toy about 9 months ago.  We both love Sassy toys.  This one is bright and amusing.  Stick it on a car window, high chair tray, restaurant table, bathroom tile,...  We were disappointed in the life of the suction cup, but for all other reasons--color, amusement, education, and co-ordination--get one of these!
5.0 ;  Sassy Smiley Face Rattle ;  This toy is very cute, it has two handles for little hands to grasp, a mirror on one side and on the other the smiley face! the face has wiggly eyes and a nose to beep. but the nose can be frusterating for babies as my 18month old son still has a hard time beeping it! my all in all a cute,durable toy!!
5.0 ;  Sassy Circle Rattle ;  My son (who is now 2+ yrs) loved this rattle as a baby.  He loved it so much that I have given it to all of my mommy- friends as a gift.  This is the best toy to have for a young baby.  You will get them to smile for those all-important-photos with this one!!
5.0 ;  Sassy Circle Rattle ;  Both of my sons love this toy. My two year old played with it when he was a baby, and it found its way to the bottom of his toy box at Granny's. We found it about a month ago and his 5 month old baby brother began to play with it. Suprise Suprise he loves it too! And his big brother tries to steal it away. This toy is durable, and fun. What more could mom ask for??
5.0 ;  Sassy Circle Rattle ;  What I don't love about this is that the clear part, where the baby can watch the beads move with motion, contains BPA.  However, my daughter found this rattle a comfort to her while teething and chewed only the big protruding ball, which as far as I know is free from both PVC and BPA.  I thought she would like the textures of the rings, but nope, it was all about the ball.Also appreciated the bright colors.  This is a good bang for your buck baby toy -- for a while there we always had it in the diaper bag when we left the house.Best at about 6-12 months.  Can't see it getting a lot of use before 3 months and just not interesting to a toddler, even a toddler who is still teething.
5.0 ;  Sassy Who Loves Baby? Photo Album Book with teether handle ;  I was concerned about the chemical content of this "plastic" book since a baby will undoubtedly stick it in his mouth. I emailed Sassy and got a reply saying that this was BPA, PVC and Phtalates free. I can breathe a sigh of relief when I hand this to our baby...soon!
5.0 ;  Sassy Who Loves Baby? Photo Album Book with teether handle ;  We bought this for our 5 month old and put pictures of relatives that live far away inside the pages.  The book is very sturdy, &quotchewable&quot and has a lot of great colors/designs to look at.  Now at 8 months, this book is still one her favorites!  Plus she sees her grandma's and grandpa's, etc, faces every day.  We love it.
5.0 ;  Sassy Who Loves Baby? Photo Album Book with teether handle ;  I bought this for a new granddaughter.  I will not get to see her often as she lives in another state.  This book is great for out pictures and she can carry it around and look at the pictures as she would a book.  This way she can recognize us when we show up.  It is easy to carry and cleaning it is simple.  It is a great little photo book.
5.0 ;  Sassy Who Loves Baby? Photo Album Book with teether handle ;  I originally bought this for my 4 month old son, but my 17 month old daughter has taken it over.  We filled it with pictures of mom and dad, 2 sets of grandparents, and all the cousins with their families (there are only 6 slots for pics, but we took pictures of entire families - so we have 20 people in all).  She loves pointing to the pictures and identifying various people.  The pages are made out of thin plastic material and filled with foam, so are pretty soft, but still durable. The slots are sized for 3x5 inch pictures.  My 4 month old hasn't gotten much out of it yet, but I'm sure he'll love it just as much in months to come.
5.0 ;  Sassy Who Loves Baby? Photo Album Book with teether handle ;  This is a nice photo book for babies as it has clear plastic sleeves to protect the pictures you place inside.
1.0 ;  Sassy Who Loves Baby? Photo Album Book with teether handle ;  Based on articles on the dangers of PVC plastic books, this book was tested and found to contain chemicals that are highly toxic for babies and toddlers. This materials have already been banned from children's toys in Europe.In order to read the many articles online that specifically name this book as having been found to contain chemicals that are dangerously toxic for children, google "toxic bath books" or the title of the book with the word "toxic."This book's concept is wonderful, but those who love children should share photos in another kind of album or book.
5.0 ;  Earlyears: Earl E. Bird with Teething Rings ;  We received an Earl E. Bird as a gift when we had our first baby eleven years ago. Since then, Earl has seen us through teething for three kids, and is still in good condition for our fourth baby!  He's a little faded around the edges, but just as loveable and soft, with difference textures for a chewy, drooly baby to gnaw on.I like that he's fully washable, and a nice quiet toy (at least in ours, the squeaker was very quiet to begin with and has since kind of stopped squeaking--but the squeaker was never the big attraction with Earl).  Perfect for taking on planes, or in church, or in the car. A great baby shower gift, since Earl is perfect for a boy or a girl.
5.0 ;  Earlyears: Earl E. Bird with Teething Rings ;  This little toy is safe for infants, and offers great color, texture and even sound.  Very Sweet, though a little pricey.
5.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  a wonderful learning tool and made very well so little hands cant rip it apart., my grandson loved the different colors and fabric,
4.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  This was given as a gift for my great grandson and they seemed very satisfied with it.  I haven't talked to them to see how he responded to it.
5.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  This is exactly like the one I had when I was a kid. My son really enjoys it and it keeps him entertained.
5.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  My daughter enjoys taking it apart more than putting it back together, but a great product.  It has kept her occupied while flying.
4.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  Got this for a plane ride 3 months ago. The snaps are hard to snap and he gets frustrated. Most pieces are attached to the book which is nice, he can't lose them. He flips thru it but that is about it. Maybe when we travel again he will find it more interesting. We keep it for trips only so it will be "new" each time. He has seen it up on the shelf and asks for it but when we give it to him he is done flipping thru in a few minutes and it is left on the floor for other books.
5.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  Just what I wanted, but did't have the time to sew myself! Love it! My granddaughter  just loves playing with this wonderful book.
5.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  I really like this book. You can show your baby shapes, teach her how to use buttons, zipper and snaps, tie a shoe and tell time. My baby is too young for most of these activities at this time, but she already loves to play with this book. I see a lot of quality time spent with this book in the future.
4.0 ;  My Quiet Book, Fabric Activity Book for Children ;  My 2 yr+ old grand daughter liked this book a lot.  She did have a hard time with some the buttons or snaps.  They were sewn pretty tight to the backing and was kind of hard to get her fingers under to be able to button or snap.  Overall, she did enjoy each activity.
4.0 ;  Lullaby and Goodnight by Pockets of Learning ;  I ordered this book for the up-coming birthday of a grandson. It really is cute and an excellent quality. It comes with a small stuffed bear that you can remove from the book. Each page of the book has a different night-time activity for the bear to do such as have a glass of milk, brush his teeth etc. I'm not exactly sure what I was expecting because even though it is a quality toy I'm not sure that Liam will use it enough to make it worth the price I paid.  The Pockets of Learning toys all seem to be very high quality if somewhat pricy.
4.0 ;  Lullaby and Goodnight by Pockets of Learning ;  Both of my boys liked playing with this book.  They also liked to take the bear out and play with him.  The pajamas are a little hard to put on, but they didn't seem to care much.  My youngest actually has slept with the little bear!
3.0 ;  Lullaby and Goodnight by Pockets of Learning ;  This book is very cute, and despite other comments I found it to be well made. My son is not real interested though but maybe he will later on. I just think that it doesn't have enough pages and interactivity for the price you are paying.
3.0 ;  Lullaby and Goodnight by Pockets of Learning ;  This is a cute, interactive book made out of fabric. It walks you though the night routine (1. Drink your milk, 2. Brush your teeth, 3. Take off your clothes, 4. take a bath, 5. Put on pajamas, 6. Bedtime story, 7. Say a prayer, 8. Lullaby and goodnight) - works well for praying people - unfortunately, I bought it for an agnostic family!
3.0 ;  Baby Monitor - Direct Link Privacy Monitor ;  Considering how horrible the selection is these days for choosing a quality baby monitor that doesn't transmit to anyone and everyone who may be listening in, intentionally or unintentionally, this seems to be one of the best choices to make.  Your scrambled voice will sound like Donald Duck on a regular analog 46-49 mhz cordless phone or radio scanner, so it's at least a moderate roadblock for the average signal interceptor.  However, why on earth there is no 900 mhz (or higher) digital-spread-spectrum baby monitor on the market is beyond me.  So, this unit is one of the better compromises out there, and at ... on amazon.com, it is amazingly affordable.
5.0 ;  North American Bear Company Sleepyhead Bunny Blue, Blue Stripe, Medium ;  My 3 year old son goes EVERYWHERE with Blue Bunny. This is his 6th one since he was born. Considering the amount of time he spends with Blue Bunny, they are probable pretty durable - I wash them about once a week. The great thing about him is there is nothing that can hurt my son on Blue. He is so soft and cozy. Great friend for small children.
5.0 ;  North American Bear Company Sleepyhead Bunny Pink, Pink Stripe, Medium ;  Although I haven't seen it, my 2 year old niece loves it and that's what matters, so all is well :)
3.0 ;  HABA Piro Clutching Toy ;  Some of the pictures I saw on line of this toy were much bigger than the actual toy.  I did not notice any measurements in the descriptions and was surprised that it was so small for the price.
5.0 ;  HABA Piro Clutching Toy ;  This is a HABA toy that I have given as a gift many times--it is a very intriguing baby toy--Can't wait to give it to my first grandchild(Boy) due on June 16th
5.0 ;  Big and Small Chime Ball by Sassy ;  This is an iteresting ball that my baby has loved from about 6 months to 18+ months.  The chime is pleasant, not annoying and this ball is easy for a baby to pick up and manipulate.  It is my understanding that the Sassy line is BPA and Phalate free, so you dont have to worry about your child putting this toy in her mouth.
4.0 ;  Big and Small Chime Ball by Sassy ;  My daughter is 4 months old and she really loves this ball as its very easy for her to hold - a skill she's just learned.
